[KAI panting]
[ADVENTURER 1A]
There's a goblin hunting quest.
[ADVENTURER 1B]
Can you use magic?
We're looking for
a temporary party member.
[ADVENTURER 1C] Quest finished!
Now let's go get a drink!
[KAI panting]
Help me! I beg of you!
It's my village!
We're under attack
by a black viper!
Excuse me, but is it
really a black viper?
It's not a normal one?
Listen, I know what I saw, okay?
Normal snakes can't swallow
livestock and people whole!
[sighs]
I'm so sorry, young man.
But we're unable to accept
your request at this time.
Why can't you? Oh, of course,
you want money, right?
Here, this is all the
money from my village!
If it's not enough,
I'll work for the rest!
We can't...
...because we have
no one capable enough.
[KAI]
Wait, what?
How can that be?
All the adventurers
who are ranked high enough
to defeat a black viper
are currently away.
We have no idea
when they'll return.
Of course, I'll try and
contact them immediately.
We can ask our lord
to send an expedition,
but it would be several days
before we could proceed.
[KAI]
I don't have several days.
Everyone I know
could be dead by then!
Please! There has to be
someone who can help!
[ADVENTURER 1C]
You should go.
[ADVENTURER 1B]
I can't fight a viper!
If Mister Deborane were here,
he'd pull it off for sure.
[gasps] That's it? No!
What am I supposed
to tell all the people
who are counting on me?
[YUNA]
I could go if ya want.
[KAI gasps]
Hey there, squirt,
the name's Yuna.
So then, you've got a quest?
All right, let's get
this game started.
[YUNA]
So, Miss Helen,
where is this village and
is it far from Crimonia?
Uh, it's about a day
and a half's ride by horse
toward the southeast.
[YUNA] I don't really
understand horse distance.
Whatever. I'll just
start heading that way.
[HELEN gasps]
Hold on a moment!
You can't rush in.
Black vipers can grow up
to 50 meters in length.
Even a skilled adventurer would
have trouble dealing
with one of them!
But his village
is in danger, right?
Besides, I've never seen
a real black viper before.
[KAI]
Are you kidding me right now?!
How am I supposed to
take you seriously?!
A girl in a bear suit
can't beat a viper!
[YUNA]
Guess I do look kinda lame.
I appreciate the offer,
but this would be
asking too much
of someone like you, Miss Yuna.
[YUNA]
'Kay, then,
what if I just go do
some scouting instead?
I'm not sure what you mean.
Well, I could go and collect
some intel on the monster.
If I got some more info
on its size and location,
then we could share it with
the high‐ranking adventurers.
Yes, I see. And would
that be all right with you?
[grunts] I mean, if it'll
really help us survive,
okay.
[YUNA]
I might actually fight it,
but they don't need
to know all the details.
It sounds like a start.
And I'll contact the
high‐ranking adventurers
as quickly as possible.
Please don't do anything
too reckless, okay?
Right. You can count on me!
Uh! Are you going
on a quest, Miss Bear?
Be safe out there.
Yeah, I always am.
Whoa, hold on a
second, bear lady!
I wanna go, too.
So please, take me with you!
You're just gonna
get in the way.
[grunts] I know that.
Still though, at least
let me guide you there.
It'll save time.
And I can show you the
fastest possible route!
[YUNA]
Hmm...
Well, it's true that he
can probably get
us there faster.
[YUNA] If you start whining,
then I'll ditch you.
Got it, kid?
[gasps] Name's Kai.
I won't complain!
Okay, did you come to
Crimonia by horse?
[KAI] Yeah. But I galloped
here without letting it rest,
so it's pretty exhausted.
There's no way it's
ready to ride again.
Don't worry, I'll handle
the transportation.
[YUNA]
Time for you guys to come out.
[KAI screams]
[KAI] Whoa, you can
summon actual bears?!
What in the world
are you exactly?
I'm just a normal adventurer.
By the way, these are
my special summon beasts,
so I promise you
they aren't dangerous.
Let's go, Kumayuru.
[KUMAYURU squeaks]
Okay, Kumakyu, give
the kid a lift will ya?
[KUMAKYU grumbles]
There's no need for
the puppy dog eyes.
I'll ride on you for the journey
back, so quit your sulking.
[KUMAKYU grumbles]
[KAI]
Um, miss?
Huh?
I've never ridden on
top of a bear before.
[gasps]
It'll be okay!
Even if you accidentally
lose your grip or go to sleep,
it's practically impossible
to fall off my bear mounts.
Are you positive? Whoa!
[KAI screams]
What's the matter, kid?
Weren't you gonna
show me the way there?
[screams]
Um, yes! Go that way!
[KAI yelps]
[KAI screams]
Turn here!
[YUNA]
Let's take a quick break.
[sighs]
So, how far out are we?
Uh, looks like
we're about halfway.
You rode all night, didn't you?
Give me the directions
and you can sleep the
rest of the way there.
[KAI]
Mm‐mm. Sleep will have to wait.
It's my responsibility
to get you
to the village as
fast as possible.
And yet earlier, you
didn't want my help at all.
I'm sorry for what I said.
I'm sure that you're
an amazing adventurer,
especially if you can
summon beasts like these.
I get the feeling
that you might be able
to actually do something
about the black viper.
[YUNA] Wow, he changed
his tune real quick.
It doesn't matter if I
collapse from exhaustion.
What's important is that I bring
us help before it's too late.
[YUNA] The kids in this
world are all so strong.
We'd better get
back on the road, huh?
I'll ride you the
rest of the way, Kumakyu.
[KUMAKYU squeaks]
You get Kai, Kumayuru.
[KUMAYURU grunts]
[KAI whimpers]
[KAI screams]
This it?
Hey! Everyone! It's me!
Kai! I've brought
help from Crimonia!
[gasping]
Everyo‐‐
Would you please stop shouting?
[KAI grunts]
[YUNA] It's okay.
There are people here.
But I don't see
any large targets.
Hey!
[KAI panting]
Father! Mother!
You're back!
Thank goodness you're all right.
[KAI] I was scared!
I didn't see anyone!
[KAI'S DAD]
Keep your voice down.
[KAI]
Sorry.
So anyway, who is this
oddly dressed young lady
you've brought with you?
[YUNA] Yeah, I do look
like a total weirdo...
[KAI'S MOM coughs]
[KAI] You see, with
everything going on,
my mother hasn't
been doing well.
So I had to go to get help.
I know.
[gasps] So then‐‐
[KAI] Yep! This girl is an
adventurer. She came to scout!
[KAI'S DAD] Are you serious?
In that ridiculous bear suit?
[KAI]
Don't worry! They also said
they'd contact some
high‐ranking adventurers.
[KAI'S DAD]
I suppose that's good news,
but who knows if
we'll last that long.
[KAI'S DAD]
By the way,
I should tell you
that Elmina from next door
and Rond from the general store
tried to escape
and both were eaten.
[KAI]
What?! They were?
[KAI'S DAD] So, you're a
pretty low‐ranked adventurer,
aren't you? What exactly
are you hoping to achieve?
I came here to collect
information on the snake.
And if I can,
I'll also take it down.
[KAI'S DAD scoffs]
If you can?
[laughs]
[KAI'S DAD]
There's no way!
[KAI]
Father!
[YUNA] I'll be the one
to decide that, thank you.
Hurry and tell me
everything that you know
about the black viper.
[gasps]
[sighs] Very well, then.
It pops up from nowhere
and slithers around town.
It eats anyone it sees.
The black viper seems
to respond to noise,
so trying to escape from it
is practically impossible.
Kai was lucky he got away.
Most have perished.
[KAI gasps]
Sounds like I'll be
able to find its nest
if I follow the
tracks it left behind.
Okay. Thanks a lot.
I'll go and check it out.
[KAI'S DAD gasps]
You're serious?
[YUNA]
Sure am.
Oh, one more thing.
If this goes south,
use me as a distraction,
and you guys run away.
[door closes]
Escaping the viper
is impossible.
We'd never make it.
We'd all die.
[gasps]
[KAI]
Miss!
About that... sorry.
Everybody is at their limit.
[YUNA]
It doesn't bother me.
Still though!
Look, I get it‐‐
I'm dressed like a bear.
You left to go get help
and came back with me.
I'd probably be worried, too.
You don't have
to do this! [gasps]
Hey. You're a good kid, Kai.
Thanks for worrying about me.
[KAI]
Be safe.
Well, the trail ends here,
so I guess this must
be the viper's nest.
You can retreat for
right now, Kumayuru.
[KUMAYURU whines]
I'll be okay.
Cool. Snake hunting time.
[YUNA]
Hm? It disappears?
Okay.
Where would something
that big even hide out here?
Well, since I can't
see it with my own eyes,
I'll use bear vision.
[YUNA grunts]
It's here?
[yelps]
Ah, so it was hiding!
Big guy.
That certainly explains
why all the villagers
were so doom and
gloom about you.
[VIPER snarls]
Look, I dunno why you chose
to make your nest out here,
but I'm gonna have to evict you.
[VIPER snarls]
Not good.
If fire doesn't work,
how about this?
[VIPER grunts]
Man, that woulda hurt if it
weren't for my bear onesie.
[YUNA]
Bear punch!
[roars]
[YUNA grunts]
[YUNA]
You're a tough one.
Really? Didn't work either?
Uh!
[YUNA]
Crap.
It's fast and powerful,
but the biggest problem is
definitely it's thick skin.
It can deflect both
physical and magical attacks.
[VIPER snarls]
[YUNA]
Hmm...
[YUNA] If I give in
and use my trump card,
then its snakeskin
wouldn't be a problem at all,
but I also wouldn't be
able to bring home its parts.
Well, there's
other stuff to try.
Following basic theory,
If I can't hurt the outside,
then I'll try the inside!
[YUNA] It's hard to fight
against your instincts.
Try this one on for size.
Go!
Yes! It opened its mouth.
[YUNA]
My magic is special.
If I want a spell
to be powerful,
then all I have to do is imagine
it to get the results I want!
[BEARS]
Kuma!
[YUNA]
Bear magic.
Behold my Bears of Fire!
Go!
[BEARS]
Kuma! Kuma! Kuma...
That should take care of that.
Oh. Guess I'll put you away.
Huh? Look who it is.
Hey, what are you
doin' out here, Kai?
Helping! If you were being
chased by the black viper,
I was gonna let
myself get eaten by it,
so you could get
back to Crimonia safely.
Huh? Why though?
You know why! The information
that you take back with you
could help the other adventurers
beat the black viper and
save our entire village!
If it would save everyone,
then I'd gladly risk my life!
[YUNA]
Jeez, the kids in this world
are certainly prepared for
the worst possible scenarios.
[YUNA]
Hm...
It's okay.
I defeated the
black viper already.
Oh?
[YUNA] Save that
courage for another time.
I'm sorry... What?
[YUNA] Can you please go
gather all the villagers for me?
[KAI]
Um... sure.
[ZUN]
Miss Yuna, was it?
[YUNA]
Hm?
I'm the chief of
this village, Zun.
Are all the rumors true?
Did you really
defeat the black viper?
Yeah, isn't that obvious?
[ZUN weeping]
[ZUN]
Oh, thank you very much!
[ZUN weeping]
[VILLAGERS cheering]
[VILLAGER 1A]
She did it! She really did it!
[VILLAGER 1B]
You've saved our lives!
[VILLAGER 1C]
Mother, father.
The adventurer has
avenged you for us.
[VILLAGER 1D] We don't
have to live in fear anymore!
[ZUN]
The village is safe at last!
Everyone, please
enjoy this small celebration!
Tonight, we feast!
[ALL]
Cheers!
[VILLAGERS chatting]
Huh?
Wow, you're so soft!
You killed the big,
mean snake! Thank you!
[GIRL 1B grunts]
Roar!
Heh. I'm just kidding,
I'm not a scary bear.
[gasps]
‐‐[CHILDREN laugh]
‐‐[GIRL 1C] Miss Bear!
[VILLAGER 1D snores]
[CHILDREN] See you later!
Thanks for saving us!
‐‐[KAI] Excuse us.
‐‐[YUNA] Uh!
[KAI'S DAD]
I'm sorry, young lady.
And thank you.
If it weren't for you,
we would have died.
It's fine. Nobody would
think a bear girl like me
could defeat a black viper.
I understand your doubt.
Our entire village
is indebted to you.
If there is ever a way
for us to repay you,
all you have to do is ask.
Cool. I guess you guys're
indebted to me forever, then.
[gasps, chuckles]
[laughs]
[YUNA]
They're smiling and crying?
We're very fortunate.
We're alive, but we're
remembering those who died.
Huh?
Sometimes, you just
have to keep smiling.
We may be sad,
but being a survivor means
pushing through our grief.
If only I had gotten here
a little bit sooner.
None of this is
your fault, Miss Bear!
You came out here
even though you're not a
high‐ranking adventurer!
You put yourself at risk for
people you don't really know!
Oh!
That'll do, kid.
[BIRD crows]
[YUNA grunts]
[YUNA] That sound
is strangely familiar.
[YUNA gasps]
I can't remember the
last time I had actual eggs!
These are, like, impossible
to find in Crimonia!
[ZUN chuckles] Yes, well,
eggs break very easily
so they can be
quite difficult to sell.
There are couple of wild kokekko
not far from our village
and that's where we get them.
What kind of bird
is a kokekko exactly?
[ZUN]
Well, unlike a normal bird,
it cannot fly very
high in the air,
so it nests down on the ground
and makes a loud cry
early in the morning.
[YUNA]
That's just a chicken.
[CHICKEN crows]
If you like eggs that much,
would you like to
take a few home with you?
[ZUN gasps]
You really mean it?!
[KAI] Thank you again
for everything, Miss Bear.
I'm gonna work super
hard to get strong,
so I can be just like you!
Uh! The path of a bear
can be pretty tough.
Take care of yourself, kid.
Thanks! You, too, miss!
[KAI]
Goodbye! Safe travels!
[YUNA]
Yo, I'm back!
Miss Yuna?
You're back earlier
than I expected.
What's up? Are you going on
a journey, Guildmaster?
Sadly, we were unable to find
any high‐ranking adventurers.
Yes, I'm going to head to town
and handle the request myself.
Did you bring back any
information on the viper?
Oh, I defeated the black
viper. It's super dead.
[ADVENTURERS gasp]
[ADVENTURERS yell]
What?! You shouldn't joke
about such serious matters.
I have the blessings
of the bears, remember?
Wanna see its body?
[RALOCK]
Wait! Don't take it out here!
You'll crush the entire guild!
Oh, yeah, good point.
I thought you just went
ahead to get information!
That's Yuna for you. I doubt
there's anything she could do
that would still surprise me.
[ADVENTURER 1C] Just what I'd
expect from the Bloody Bear!
A black viper is
nothing for her.
[LANZ] Hmph. Mister Deborane's
rival is as strong as ever.
All right, I guess that finishes
up that quest. [chuckles]
[sighs]
Well, another day,
another perfect in‐game run.
Better check my stocks.
Sell. Sell. Buy.
That's awesome. My accounts
have increased again.
[phone rings]
[YUNA]
What's up, Grandpa?
Yeah, I'm doin' okay.
How's school?
I don't go anymore.
I've told you,
it's just a waste of time.
What about Mom and Dad?
They wanted to go
on a long vacation.
[YUNA]
No, I haven't heard from them
since I gave them more money.
They're probably having
the time of their life.
[YUNA] Huh? What do you mean
you want me to come visit?
Or else you'll stop
co‐signing for my apartment?
[YUNA groans]
Fine, whatever makes you happy.
See ya.
[sighs] Talk about a headache.
I'll play just a bit longer...
...to help brighten my mood.
World Fantasy Online.
[YUNA] It's the first
ever VRMMO fantasy RPG.
[YUNA] And what's more,
it's the world I now live in.
[YUNA chuckles]
[KUMAYURU]
Kuma!